README.md, before:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: *Student should provide answer here*

### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project. 
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.

Commit message:

Code: implementation for naked twin strategy & diagonal problem

README.md, after:

# Artificial Intelligence Nanodegree
## Introductory Project: Diagonal Sudoku Solver

# Question 1 (Naked Twins)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the naked twins problem?  
A: Constraint propagation allow us to apply local constraints until a solution is found or until we can no longer reduce
the space further.
The naked twins is a strategy that we apply to solve Sudoku, we start by identify naked twins pairs, these pairs are peers to
each other and both have the same values with length of two. Next we search for all the intersection boxes and eliminate 
naked twins values from all their intersection boxes.

# Question 2 (Diagonal Sudoku)
Q: How do we use constraint propagation to solve the diagonal sudoku problem?  
A: By adding the diagonals to our list of peers, they will be included in all functions, we simply increased our space 
to look for diagonal peers same way we look for peers in same column, row or component.

### Install

This project requires **Python 3**.

We recommend students install [Anaconda](https://www.continuum.io/downloads), a pre-packaged Python distribution that contains all of the necessary libraries and software for this project. 
Please try using the environment we provided in the Anaconda lesson of the Nanodegree.

##### Optional: Pygame

Optionally, you can also install pygame if you want to see your visualization. If you've followed our instructions for setting up our conda environment, you should be all set.

If not, please see how to download pygame [here](http://www.pygame.org/download.shtml).

### Code

* `solutions.py` - You'll fill this in as part of your solution.
* `solution_test.py` - Do not modify this. You can test your solution by running `python solution_test.py`.
* `PySudoku.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.
* `visualize.py` - Do not modify this. This is code for visualizing your solution.

### Visualizing

To visualize your solution, please only assign values to the values_dict using the ```assign_values``` function provided in solution.py

### Data

The data consists of a text file of diagonal sudokus for you to solve.
